Nobody wants to walk into an exam
looking like a zombie. So, here's what
to do the night before. First, don't try
to cram five chapters at once. You'll
forget everything by morning. Review the
main points instead. Your brain will
thank you. Pack your bag ahead of time
because nothing's worse than sprinting
around at 7:00 a.m. looking for a
calculator or realizing you left your
pencils at home. Eat something real, not
chips, not candy. Your brain runs on
fuel, not sugar crashes. Set out your
clothes for tomorrow. You don't want to
waste brain power arguing with your
closet. Put your phone across the room.
Scrolling Tik Tok until 3:00 a.m. isn't
studying. It's sabotage. Make a quick
cheat sheet. Not for sneaking in for
reviewing fast. If you can explain it in
one page, you actually understand it.
Set two alarms. One will betray you. The
backup will save you. And most
important, go to sleep. Because no
amount of all-nighters beats arrested
brain.